Some of you are probably wondering how vision fits into artificial intelligence.
Why do AI systems need to see?
Why do they need vision?
Well, the basis of any AI system is that it can: one,
perceive its environment and two,
take actions based on those perceptions.
And as we noted previously vision is a central part of how we perceive the world.
One example of an AI system we're working on Udacity is a self-driving car.
The car sees the world through cameras and sensors
and then uses that input to safely navigate roads by itself.
Computer vision is used to analyze camera images and
intelligently identify objects like other cars or pedestrians.
It's also used to recognize where the car is on
the road and in the world based on the car's surroundings.
So, self-driving cars and many other AI systems need vision to build a physical model
of the world just like humans do to identify physical surroundings and respond to them.